[DOCU-1615] rewrite Konnect Developer Registration page (#3078)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/developers/dev-reg.md

---
title: Developer Registration
no_version: true
toc: false
---

Everyone accessing a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dev Portal needs to register for that specific Dev Portal as a Developer, including Dev Portal admins. This means that admins will have credentials for both [Konnect](https://konnect.konghq.com/) and the Dev Portal. 

All Developer registrations are either automatically or manually approved by {{site.konnect_short_name}} admins.

1. As an admin, log in to [konnect.konghq.com](https://konnect.konghq.com/). 

2. Use the left-side menu to navigate to **Dev Portal**, then **Published Services**. 

3. Under the title heading **Published Services**, click the **Portal URL** link.

4. The **Portal URL** leads to a login page. 

5. At the bottom of the login form, click **Sign Up**. 

6. Fill out the registration form and click **Create Account**. 

7. Check your email for registration confirmation. 

> 8. Once your email is confirmed, you _will not be able_ to log in until an admin approves your request. However, if the admin has set the Konnect account to [auto approve](/konnect/dev-portal/administrators/auto-approve-devs-apps) developer registrations, you will be able to login immediately. 

Reviewer: This information isn't truly a step, so you should either roll it into the previous step or the next one.

> 9. Once approved, log in using your Portal credentials. Contact your {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin if you have login issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Log in using your Portal credentials. Contact your {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin if you have login issues.
```
Unfortunately, currently they have no way of knowing when they're been approved, right :( It might be good to move all of step 8 into this step: try to log in, oh you can't? that means auto-approve isn't on and you have to wait for your admin.

## Locate Dev Portal URL

Admins can find the Dev Portal URL in [konnect.konghq.com](https://konnect.konghq.com/). If you don't have admin access and want to register as a Developer, ask your {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin for the Dev Portal URL.

{:.note}
> **Note**: If you are an admin planning to create Applications and register Services, you must also [Register as a Developer](#register-as-a-developer).

1. As an admin, log in to [konnect.konghq.com](https://konnect.konghq.com/). 

2. Use the left-side menu to navigate to **Dev Portal**, then **Published Services**.

3. Under the title heading **Published Services**, see the **Portal URL** link.

## Register as a Developer

All Developers must register through the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dev Portal. As each Dev Portal has a unique URL, reach out to your {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin for the URL you should access.

1. Navigate to the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dev Portal URL provided by your {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin.

2. At the bottom of the login form, click **Sign Up**.

3. Fill out the registration form and click **Create Account**. 

4. Check your email for registration confirmation. 

> 5. After you have confirmed your email, you _will not be able_ to log in, unless  [auto approve](/konnect/dev-portal/administrators/auto-approve-devs-apps) is enabled by a {{site.konnect_short_name}} service admin or organization admin. If you try to log in right after creating the account and receive an error message, it's likely that the admin hasn't approved your account yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After you have confirmed your email and received approval from your admin, log 
into the Dev Portal.
    
    If your admin has auto-approve enabled, you can log in right after confirming 
    your email. Otherwise, you _will not be able_ to log in until your admin approves 
    the request. If you try to log in right after creating the account and receive an 
    error message, it's likely that the admin hasn't approved your account yet.
```
